in the 17th year of pika the son of
remilia a has the son of Jotham king of
judah began to reign a has was 20 years
old when he became King and he reigned
16 years in Jerusalem and he did not do
what was right in the sight of the Lord
his God as his father David had done but
he walked in the way of the kings of
Israel indeed
he made his son pass through the fire
according to the abominations of the
nations whom the Lord had cast out from
before the children of Israel and he
sacrificed and burned incense on the
high places on the hills and under every
green tree then reason king of syria and
pika the son of ram a liar king of
israel came up to jerusalem to make war
and they besieged a has but could not
overcome you
at that time reason king of syria
captured elath to syria and drove the
men of judah from allah then the
went to allah and dwell there
to this day
so a has sent messengers to
tiglath-pileser king of assyria i am you
sir and your son come up and save me
from the hand of the king of syria and
from the hand of the king of israel who
rise up against me and a has took the
silver and gold that was found in the
house of the lord and in the Treasuries
of the king's house and sent it as a
present to the king of assyria so the
king of assyria heeded him for the king
of assyria went up against damascus and
took it carried its people captive to
cur and killed reason now king ahaz went
to Damascus to meet tiglath-pileser king
of assyria and saw an altar that was at
Damascus and King Ahaz sent to Uriah the
priests the design of the altar and its
pattern according to all its workmanship
then you ride your the priests built an
altar according to all that King Ahaz
had sent from Damascus so Uriah the
priest made it before King Ahaz came
back from Damascus and when the king
came back from Damascus the King saw the
altar and the King approached the altar
and made offerings on
so he burned his burnt offering and his
grain offering and he poured his drink
offering and sprinkled the blood of his
peace offerings on the altar he also
brought the bronze altar which was
before the Lord from the front of the
temple from between the new altar and
the house of the Lord and put it on the
north side of the new altar then King
Ahaz commanded Uriah the priest on the
great new altar
burn the mourning burnt offering the
evening grain offering the Kings burnt
sacrifices and his green offering with
the burnt offering of all the people of
the land their grain offering and their
drink offerings and sprinkle on it all
the blood of the burnt offering and all
the blood of the sacrifice and the
bronze altar shall be from me to enquire
by verse did you ride you the priest
according to all the King Ahaz commanded
and King Ahaz cut off the panel's of the
counts and removed the Labour's from
them and he took down the seed from the
bronze oxen that were under it and put
it on a pavement of stones also he
removed the Sabbath pavilion which they
had built in the temple and he removed
the Kings outer entrance from the house
of the Lord on account of the king of
Assyria
[Music]
now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which
he did are they not written in the book
of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah
so a has rested with his father's and
was buried with his father's in the City
of David
then Hezekiah his son reigned in his
place
[Music]